pagemap / PFN example (#217)
eminence/procfs: examples/README.md

...
```

## pfn.rs

> List memory mapping, and physical address for each virtual address. Must be run as root, see [pagemap.txt](https://github.com/torvalds/linux/blob/v4.9/Documentation/vm/pagemap.txt)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List memory mapping, and physical address for each virtual address. Must be run as root, see [pagemap.txt](https://www.kernel.org/doc/Documentation/vm/pagemap.txt)
```
